http://firstround.com/review/Give-Criticism-that-Makes-a-Difference-With-These-Tips-from-Airbnbs-Head-of-Experience-Design/
Stop Dancing Around Criticism and Put It to Use with These Tips from Airbnb's Head of Experience Design
http://firstround.com/review/one-rubric-changed-boxs-engineering-performance-heres-how/
One Rubric Changed Box's Engineering Performance
http://firstround.com/review/what-i-learned-scaling-engineering-teams-through-euphoria-and-horror/
What I Learned Scaling Engineering Teams Through Euphoria and Horror
http://firstround.com/review/this-is-what-impactful-engineering-leadership-looks-like/
This Is What Impactful Engineering Leadership Looks Like
http://firstround.com/review/How-Medium-is-building-a-new-kind-of-company-with-no-managers/
How Medium Is Building a New Kind of Company with No Managers
http://firstround.com/review/An-Inside-Look-at-Facebooks-Method-for-Hiring-Designers/
An Inside Look at Facebook's Method for Hiring Designers
http://firstround.com/review/This-is-Why-People-Leave-Your-Company/
This is Why People Leave Your Company
http://firstround.com/review/The-One-Thing-Every-Leader-Needs-to-Learn-How-to-Scale-Change/
The One Thing Every Leader Needs to Learn: How to Scale Change
http://firstround.com/review/From-0-to-1B-Slacks-Founder-Shares-Their-Epic-Launch-Strategy/
From 0 to $1B
http://firstround.com/review/Drew-Houstons-morph-from-hacker-to-hyper-growth-CEO/
Drew Houston’s Morph from Hacker to Hyper-Growth CEO
http://firstround.com/review/Employee-Onboarding-at-Startups-Is-Broken-Heres-How-to-Fix-It/
Employee Onboarding at Startups Is Broken
http://firstround.com/review/fixing-engineerings-loyalty-and-longevity-problem/
Fixing Engineering's Loyalty and Longevity Problem
http://firstround.com/review/Why-Yammer-believes-the-traditional-engineering-organizational-structure-is-dead/
Why Yammer Believes the Traditional Engineering Organizational Structure is Dead
http://firstround.com/review/The-Dos-and-Donts-of-Rapid-Scaling-for-Startups/
The Do’s and Don’ts of Rapid Scaling for Startups
http://firstround.com/review/Simple-Design-is-What-You-Need-Not-What-You-Want-1/
Simple Design is What You Need, Not What You Want
http://firstround.com/review/Evernotes-CTO-on-Your-Biggest-Security-Worries-From-Three-Employees-to-300/
Evernote’s CTO on Your Biggest Security Worries From 3 to 300 Employees
http://firstround.com/review/Make-Engineering-Interns-Truly-Effective-with-This-Startups-Program/
How to Make Engineering Interns Effective for Your Startup
http://firstround.com/review/Looking-for-Love-in-All-The-Wrong-Places-How-to-Find-a-Co-Founder/
Looking for Love in All The Wrong Places
http://firstround.com/review/How-Fast-Growing-Startups-Can-Fix-Internal-Communication-Before-It-Breaks/
How Fast-Growing Startups Can Fix Internal Communication Before It Breaks
http://firstround.com/review/Hyper-Growth-Done-Right-Lessons-From-the-Man-Who-Scaled-Engineering-at-Dropbox-and-Facebook/
Hyper-Growth Done Right
http://firstround.com/review/How-to-Make-OKRs-Actually-Work-at-Your-Startup/
How to Make OKRs Actually Work at Your Startup
http://firstround.com/review/Mine-Your-Network-for-Early-Stage-Hiring-Gold/
The Best Hires Are Right Under Your Nose
http://firstround.com/review/What-You-Want-in-a-VP-Eng-from-the-Recruiters-Behind-Twitter-and-LinkedIn/
What You Want in a VP Eng from the Recruiters Behind Twitter and Zappos
http://firstround.com/review/Zach-Sims-of-Codecademy-on-lessons-in-raising-125-million-for-the-first-time/
Zach Sims of Codecademy on Lessons in Raising $12.5 Million for the First Time
http://firstround.com/review/Head-Designer-of-Mint-on-Why-Great-Design-isnt-about-Making-Things-Pretty/
Head Designer of Mint on Why Great Design Isn’t About Making Things Pretty
http://firstround.com/review/Asana-Head-of-Talent-on-the-secrets-to-finding-a-great-startup-recruiter/
Asana’s Head of Talent on the Secrets to Finding a Great Startup Recruiter
http://firstround.com/review/Heres-Why-Youre-Not-Hiring-the-Best-and-the-Brightest/
Here’s Why You’re Not Hiring the Best and the Brightest
http://firstround.com/review/Facebook-VP-of-Engineering-on-Solving-Hard-Things-Early/
Facebook VP of Engineering on Solving Hard Things Early
http://firstround.com/review/Lessons-from-Pixar-Why-Software-Developers-should-be-Story-Tellers/
Lessons from Pixar: Why Software Developers Should Be Storytellers
http://firstround.com/review/Rap-Genius-Explains-Why-Worse-is-Better/
Rap Genius Explains Why Worse is Better
http://firstround.com/review/hardware-adam-macbeth/
Software is Eating Hardware
http://firstround.com/review/Mechanize-Your-Hiring-Process-to-Make-Better-Decisions/
Mechanize Your Hiring Process to Make Better Decisions
http://firstround.com/review/How-To-Build-The-Product-Your-Users-Actually-Want/
How to Engage Your Users to Build the Product They Actually Want
http://firstround.com/review/This-is-Why-People-Leave-Your-Company/
This is Why People Leave Your Company
http://firstround.com/review/The-woman-behind-the-Netflix-Culture-doc/
The Woman Behind the Netflix Culture Doc
http://firstround.com/review/the-management-framework-that-propelled-LinkedIn-to-a-20-billion-company/
The Management Framework that Propelled LinkedIn to a $20 Billion Company
http://firstround.com/review/How-Modern-Marketplaces-Like-Uber-Airbnb-Build-Trust-to-Hit-Liquidity/
How Modern Marketplaces Like Uber and Airbnb Build Trust to Achieve Liquidity
http://firstround.com/review/What-founders-need-to-know-about-building-management-teams-before-its-too-late/
What Founders Need to Know About Building Management Teams Before It’s Too Late
http://firstround.com/review/23-Tools-to-Make-Feedback-Meaningful/
23 Tools to Make Your Feedback Meaningful
http://firstround.com/review/the-trick-max-levchin-used-to-hire-the-best-engineers-at-PayPal/
The Trick Max Levchin Used to Hire the Best Engineers at PayPal
http://firstround.com/review/Aaron-Levie-on-How-to-Scale-10x-as-a-CEO-Built-a-Billion-Dollar-Business/
How to Scale 10x as a CEO Built a Billion Dollar Business
http://firstround.com/review/My-Management-Lessons-from-Three-Failed-Startups-Google-Apple-Dropbox-Twitter-and-Square/
My Management Lessons from Three Failed Startups, Google, Apple, Dropbox, Twitter and Square
http://firstround.com/review/Head-of-Amazon-Web-Services-on-Finding-the-Next-Great-Opportunity/
Head of Amazon Web Services on Finding the Next Great Opportunity
http://firstround.com/review/What-you-think-you-know-about-mobile-engineering-is-wrong/
The Five Mistakes Startups Make When Building for Mobile
http://firstround.com/review/The-Brain-Hacks-Top-Founders-Use-to-Get-Stuff-Done/
The Brain Hacks Top Founders Use to Get the Job Done
http://firstround.com/review/Shooting-for-an-IPO-Take-These-Steps-Now-Before-Its-Too-Late/
Shooting for an IPO? Take These Steps Now Before It's Too Late
http://firstround.com/review/how-dropbox-sources-scales-and-ships-its-best-product-ideas/
How Dropbox Sources, Scales and Ships Its Best Product Ideas
http://firstround.com/review/this-90-day-plan-turns-engineers-into-remarkable-managers/
This 90-Day Plan Turns Engineers into Remarkable Managers
http://genius.com/Paul-graham-can-you-buy-a-silicon-valley-maybe-annotated
Can you buy a Silicon Valley Maybe
http://genius.com/Paul-graham-let-the-other-95-of-great-programmers-in-annotated
Let the other 95 of great programmers in
http://genius.com/Paul-graham-frighteningly-ambitious-startup-ideas-annotated
Frighteningly Ambitious Startup Ideas
http://genius.com/Russ-roberts-sam-altman-on-start-ups-venture-capital-and-the-y-combinator-annotated
Sam on Startups Venture Capital and the Y Combinator
http://www.theeffectiveengineer.com/blog/new-software-engineer-mistakes
How to Avoid the Biggest Mistake You Can Make as a New Software Engineer
http://www.theeffectiveengineer.com/blog/how-active-retrieval-improves-your-learning
How a Scientifically Proven Technique Can Improve How Well You Learn and Remember
http://waitbutwhy.com/2015/06/the-deal-with-solar.html
The Deal With Solar
http://waitbutwhy.com/2015/06/hyperloop.html
The Deal With the Hyperloop
http://waitbutwhy.com/2015/08/how-and-why-spacex-will-colonize-mars.html
How (and Why) SpaceX Will Colonize Mars
http://waitbutwhy.com/2015/11/the-cook-and-the-chef-musks-secret-sauce.html
The Cook and the Chef: Musk's Secret Sauce
http://themodernteam.com/unlimited-vacation-policy-really-means/
unlimited-vacation-policy-really-means
http://justinkan.com/survive-and-thrive
Survive and Thrive
http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2015/11/lessons-learned-shutting-startup/
Lessons Learned After Shutting My Startup, Following A Six-Year Struggle
http://stateofstartups.firstround.com/
First Round State of Startups
https://eng.uber.com/mezzanine-migration/
Project Mezzanine: The Great Migration at Uber
http://highscalability.com/blog/2015/12/1/deep-lessons-from-google-and-ebay-on-building-ecosystems-of.html
Deep Lessons from Google and eBay on Building Ecosystems of Microservices
http://www.frankwiles.com/posts/2015/day-i-did-something/
Working for yourself: The day I did something
https://medium.com/s-c-a-l-e/hadoop-creator-doug-cutting-on-evolving-and-succeeding-in-open-source-3277a42e5b6e#.hcvybqvnq
Hadoop creator Doug Cutting on evolving and succeeding in open source
http://gettingreal.37signals.com/ch03_Be_Yourself.php
Getting Real: Be Yourself (by 37signals)
http://www.wired.co.uk/magazine/archive/2012/04/features/inside-the-clone-factory
Inside the clone factory: The Samwer brothers' story (Wired UK)
http://kottke.org/plus/misc/google-playboy.html
Playboy Interview: Google Guys
https://blog.asana.com/2015/11/your-first-startup/
Somewhere that's right for you: choosing your first startup
https://rework.withgoogle.com/blog/five-keys-to-a-successful-google-team/
five-keys-to-a-successful-google-team
http://themacro.com/articles/2015/11/how-to-design-a-better-pitch-deck/
How to Design a Better Pitch Deck · The Macro
http://tomtunguz.com/saas-office-hours-pete-koomen-notes/
4 Lessons For SaaS Startups From Optimizely's Early Days
https://blog.enki.com/coding-is-boring-unless-4e496720d664#.kt9v5lt33
Coding is boring, unless…
http://firstround.com/review/radical-candor-the-surprising-secret-to-being-a-good-boss/
Radical Candor
https://medium.com/@polastre/on-building-product-at-medium-be54fc0be4b9#.fit8z6sqm
On building product at Medium
http://www.bhorowitz.com/high-output-management
Andy
http://techcrunch.com/2015/11/15/what-technology-will-look-like-in-five-years/#.l9drrjd:g3cL
What Technology Will Look Like In Five Years
http://cdixon.org/2014/03/15/full-stack-startups/
Full stack startups
http://engineering.instagram.com/posts/1627075537540555/search-architecture/
search-architecture in instagram
http://www.technologyreview.com/news/543426/vc-reid-hoffman-on-vcs-evolution/
Venture Capital in Transition
http://calacanis.com/2015/11/12/what-i-learned-from-passing-on-investing-in-twitter-zynga-saying-yes-to-uber-thumbtack/
What I learned from passing on investing in Twitter &amp; Zynga
http://cdixon.org/2012/04/18/meaningful-startups/
“Meaningful” startups
http://priceonomics.com/stack-overflow-and-the-zeitgeist-of-computer/
Stack Overflow and the Zeitgeist of Computer Programming
http://onstartups.com/do-fewer-things-better
Do Fewer Things, Better
http://www.haneycodes.net/developer-turned-manager/
Developer Turned Manager
http://braythwayt.com/2015/11/23/blowing-an-interview.html
What I Learned from Blowing An Interview
https://medium.com/@rockstox/an-inside-look-at-homejoy-s-failure-391d74524a19#.dcvbcppgg
Pondering Homejoy’s Failure
http://gizmodo.com/you-dont-need-to-understand-programming-to-appreciate-t-1739927472
You Don't Need To Understand Programming to Appreciate This Awesome Rant
http://www.nature.com/news/why-biomedical-superstars-are-signing-on-with-google-1.18600
Why biomedical superstars are signing on with Google : Nature News &amp; Comment
http://queue.acm.org/detail.cfm?id=2839461
Fail at Scale
http://debarghyadas.com/writes/the-top-100-hacker-news-posts-of-all-time/
The Top 100 Hacker News Posts of All Time
https://www.quora.com/Is-the-caliber-of-Google-engineers-decreasing/answers/16688840?srid=5X05&amp;share=1
Is-the-caliber-of-Google-engineers-decreasing
http://playbook.samaltman.com/
Startup Playbook
https://medium.com/@katie/product-insights-from-wechat-97c51695e159#.g64uo2wus
product insights from wechat
http://blog.codeship.com/growing-tech-stack-say-no/
Growing Your Tech Stack: When to Say No
https://www.scalescale.com/the-stack-behind-netflix-scaling/
The Stack Behind Netflix Scaling
http://firstround.com/review/this-is-how-you-design-your-app-for-maximum-growth/
This Is How You Design Your Mobile App for Maximum Growth
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-10-28/flipboard-s-fanfare-fades-as-executives-exit-sale-talks-stall
flipboard-s-fanfare-fades-as-executives-exit-sale-talks-stall
https://500hats.com/late-bloomer-not-a-loser-i-hope-ac0ec49a6ddc#.18qupesx4
late bloomer, not a loser.
http://instagram-engineering.tumblr.com/post/13649370142/what-powers-instagram-hundreds-of-instances
What Powers Instagram: Hundreds of Instances, Dozens of Technologies
http://www.wired.com/2015/10/whatsapps-co-founder-on-how-the-iconoclastic-app-got-huge/
WhatsApp's Co-Founder on How the App Became a Phenomenon
https://www.quora.com/What-do-people-in-Silicon-Valley-plan-to-do-once-they-are-over-35#
What-do-people-in-Silicon-Valley-plan-to-do-once-they-are-over
http://stackshare.io/medium/the-stack-that-helped-medium-scale-to-2-6-millennia-of-reading-time
The Stack That Helped Medium Scale To 2.6 Millennia Of Reading Time
http://www.wired.com/2015/10/the-most-important-startups-hardest-worker-isnt-a-person/
The Most Important Startup's Hardest Worker Isn't a Person
http://blog.learningbyshipping.com/2015/10/12/getting-the-right-stuff-done/
Getting (the Right) Stuff Done
https://theoverspill.wordpress.com/2015/10/19/searches-average-mobile-google-problem/
searches-average-mobile-google-problem
http://startupboy.com/2010/02/08/y-combinator-vs-graduate-school/
y-combinator-vs-graduate-school
https://18f.gsa.gov/2015/10/05/managing-technical-debt/
18F — Managing technical debt
http://blog.sourcing.io/visa-guide
Engineer's Guide to US Visas
https://medium.com/backchannel/how-can-we-achieve-age-diversity-in-silicon-valley-11a847cb37b7#.mvhhkdax6
How Can We Achieve Age Diversity in Silicon Valley?
http://www.b-list.org/weblog/2015/oct/19/destroy-all-hiring-processes/
Destroy all hiring processes
http://www.businessinsider.com/michael-wolf-predicts-what-will-happen-in-the-tech-industry-in-2016-2015-10?op=0#/#-1
Epic slide deck from former Yahoo board member lays out the future of tech and media
https://segment.com/blog/rebuilding-our-infrastructure/
Rebuilding Our Infrastructure with Docker, ECS, and Terraform
https://codeascraft.com/2011/02/15/measure-anything-measure-everything/
Measure Anything, Measure Everything
http://www.buzzfeed.com/nitashatiku/how-wework-convinced-investors-its-worth-billions/#.yoJ55Z7AQD
WeWork Used These Documents To Convince Investors It's Worth Billions
http://calacanis.com/2015/09/20/you-dont-have-what-it-takes/
You don’t have what it takes
https://medium.com/backchannel/war-stories-3696d00207ff#.uriovfx5q
Five Years of Building Instagram
https://labs.spotify.com/2013/03/15/backend-infrastructure-at-spotify/
Backend infrastructure at Spotify
http://scott.a16z.com/2014/01/17/success-at-work-failure-at-home/
Success at Work, Failure at Home
http://www.popsci.com/facebook-ai
Inside Facebook's Artificial Intelligence Lab
https://blog.wealthfront.com/2016-career-launching-companies-list/?ir_clickid=woSQLD2J9049SrZVB1TU4zXKUkXXezRZR06WVI0
2016-career-launching-companies-list
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/negotiating-comp-making-deal-devil-joel-grossman
Negotiating Comp Means Making a Deal with a Devil
http://www.wired.com/2015/09/whatsapp-serves-900-million-users-50-engineers/
Why WhatsApp Only Needs 50 Engineers for Its 900M Users
http://fortune.com/2015/09/29/github-ceo-40-under-40/
GitHub CEO: What I Learned From Our Company's Harassment Scandal
http://www.bothsidesofthetable.com/2015/09/27/why-i-fucking-hate-unicorns-and-the-culture-they-breed/
Why I Fucking Hate Unicorns and the Culture They Breed
https://www.nemil.com/musings/shinyandnew.html
chasing the shiny and new
https://m.signalvnoise.com/some-advice-from-jeff-bezos-28b3c2938968#.9l84bgrxt
Some advice from Jeff Bezos
https://www.nczonline.net/blog/2015/09/my-favorite-interview-question/
My favorite interview question
http://firstround.com/review/heres-what-a-real-growth-strategy-looks-like-road-tested-by-facebook-and-remind/
Here's What a Real Growth Strategy Looks Like
https://medium.com/@kuomarc/don-t-build-it-in-house-there-is-an-api-for-that-c929b8677137#.sa96csqgt
Don’t build it in-house. There is an API for that.
http://highscalability.com/blog/2015/9/14/how-uber-scales-their-real-time-market-platform.html
How Uber Scales Their Real-time Market Platform
http://eng.wealthfront.com/2015/09/advice-for-preparing-for-transition.html
advice-for-preparing-for-transition
http://www.wired.com/2015/09/zucks-old-ta-helped-facebook-master-mobile-ads
How Zuck's Old TA Helped Facebook Master Mobile Ads
http://www.thebolditalic.com/articles/7266-an-open-letter-to-anyone-moving-to-san-francisco-for-a-tech-job
An Open Letter to Anyone Moving to San Francisco for a Tech Job
http://wp.sigmod.org/?p=1851
A DECADE AT GOOGLE
https://medium.com/feedly-behind-the-curtain/the-art-of-iterating-quickly-a8403e8c52f4#.kobbkxu4b
The art of iterating quickly
http://www.wired.com/2015/09/whatsapp-serves-900-million-users-50-engineers/
Why WhatsApp Only Needs 50 Engineers for Its 900M Users
http://motherboard.vice.com/read/ubers-phantom-cabs
Uber's Phantom Cabs
https://medium.com/@stevesi/a-leader-s-guide-to-deciding-what-when-and-how-to-decide-f6caf659fa7e#.hm5fhn2oz
A Leader’s Guide To Deciding:
What, When, and How To Decide
https://www.quora.com/What-are-some-decisions-taken-by-the-Growth-team-at-Facebook-that-helped-Facebook-reach-500-million-users/answer/Andy-Johns?srid=5X05&amp;share=1
Andy Johns's answer to What are some decisions taken by the "Growth team" at Facebook that helped Facebook reach 500 million users?
https://medium.com/swlh/why-i-left-the-best-job-in-the-world-3689a5a4649a#.5olmp9nx7
Why I left the best job in the world
https://medium.com/@chamath/life-eb8d2efd9746#.hh0h4sqfb
Life…
http://www.fastcompany.com/3040638/tech-forecast/how-slack-uses-slack
How Slack Uses Slack
https://eng.uber.com/soa/
Service-Oriented Architecture: Scaling the Uber Codebase As We Grow
http://www.nextplatform.com/2015/09/10/airbnb-shares-the-keys-to-its-infrastructure/
Airbnb Shares The Keys To Its Infrastructure
http://firstround.com/review/give-away-your-legos-and-other-commandments-for-scaling-startups/
‘Give Away Your Legos’ and Other Commandments for Scaling Startups
http://www.fastcompany.com/3050250/what-makes-uber-run
What Makes Uber Run
https://medium.com/@producthunt/ben-horowitz-s-best-startup-advice-7e8c09c8de1b#.3mt5ix67r
Ben Horowitz’s Best Startup Advice
https://medium.com/@kellan/five-years-building-a-culture-and-handing-it-off-54a38c3ab8de#.luc7j3c87
Five years, building a culture, and handing it off.
https://medium.com/@rchang/my-two-year-journey-as-a-data-scientist-at-twitter-f0c13298aee6#.6x3hgg82z
Doing Data Science at Twitter
https://eng.uber.com/new-grad-money-team/
Learning as a New Grad on the Uber Money Team
http://www.getsimpledata.com/blog/2015/8/28/how-i-built-a-5k-mrr-side-project-in-5-months
How I Built a $5k/mo Side Project in 5 Months (longform post)
http://influitive.io/news/2015/09/03/pairing.html
How we work - Pair Programming
https://deardesignstudent.com/8-reasons-to-turn-down-that-startup-job-1f82a00ade34#.xpzgzikc8
8-reasons-to-turn-down-that-startup-job
https://www.techinasia.com/talk/find-technical-cofounder/
Why you can't find a technical cofounder
https://www.cbinsights.com/blog/greylock-partners-teardown/
Greylock Partners Teardown
http://nerds.airbnb.com/airbnb-watch/
How It Ticks: Building the Airbnb Apple Watch App
https://medium.com/twenty-years-in-the-valley/one-of-the-biggest-mistakes-i-ve-made-in-my-career-72bf27c538b4#.8hclu3266
One of the biggest mistakes I’ve  made in my career
http://lyonheart.us/articles/regretting-the-golden-handcuffs/
Regretting the Golden Handcuffs
http://techcrunch.com/2015/09/06/apis-are-the-new-ftes/
APIs Are The New FTEs
https://medium.com/s-c-a-l-e/github-scaling-on-ruby-with-a-nomadic-tech-team-4db562b96dcd#.979fexq87
GitHub: Scaling on Ruby, with a nomadic tech team
http://subtractioncapital.com/subtraction-growth/
Subtraction = Growth
https://blog.elev.io/the-journey-of-a-startup-from-idea-to-growth/
The journey of a startup, from idea to growth
https://medium.com/padlet-ink/an-honest-guide-to-the-san-francisco-startup-life-6df13d23689#.u4r10u8iv
An honest guide to the San Francisco startup life
http://stackshare.io/posts/the-tech-behind-instacarts-grocery-delivery-service
How Instacart Built Its On-Demand Grocery Delivery Service
https://blog.wealthfront.com/stock-options-versus-rsu/?ir_clickid=woSQLD2J9049SrZVB1TU4zXKUkXXYyy5R06WVI0
How Do Stock Options and RSUs Differ?
https://medium.com/@saranormous/not-every-startup-should-be-venture-backed-970d728059d#.l3g4fvhqr
Not Every Startup Should Be Venture-Backed
http://alexdanco.com/2015/08/24/dropbox-the-first-dead-decacorn/
Dropbox: the first dead decacorn
http://firstround.com/review/appnexus-first-pitch-before-it-steered-around-the-cloud-to-win-big-in-adtech/
AppNexus' First Pitch
http://ben-evans.com/benedictevans/2015/7/27/ways-to-think-about-cars
Ways to think about cars
http://www.sneakerheadvc.com/2015/08/26/give_credit_receive_confidence_success/
Does giving other people credit build your confidence? I think so
http://blog.linkedin.com/2015/08/25/you-dont-need-to-know-how-to-code-to-make-it-in-silicon-valley/
You Don’t Need to Know How to Code to Make it in Silicon Valley
http://paulbuchheit.blogspot.co.uk/2014/07/the-technology.html?m=1
the-technology
https://lob.com/blog/one-year-review
one-year-review
http://www.businessinsider.com/how-noah-kagan-got-fired-from-facebook-and-lost-185-million-2014-8
how-noah-kagan-got-fired-from-facebook-and-lost-185-million
http://highscalability.com/blog/2014/7/21/stackoverflow-update-560m-pageviews-a-month-25-servers-and-i.html
stackoverflow-update-560m-pageviews-a-month-25-servers-and-i
https://engineering.quora.com/Continuous-Deployment-at-Quora
Continuous Deployment at Quora
https://blog.asana.com/2014/02/scaling-asana-com/
Scaling Asana.com
https://medium.com/startup-study-group/slow-growth-lessons-in-a-hack-assed-world-28d9c557969b#.a5os4t1lq
Slow Growth Lessons in a Hack-Assed World
https://engineering.linkedin.com/engineering-culture/building-linkedins-new-engineering-bootcamp
Building LinkedIn's New Engineering Bootcamp
http://www.vanityfair.com/culture/2015/08/tinder-hook-up-culture-end-of-dating
Tinder and Hookup-Culture Promotion
https://hbr.org/2014/01/how-netflix-reinvented-hr
How Netflix Reinvented HR
https://medium.com/keep-learning-keep-growing/how-two-non-technical-cofounders-made-millions-edc824417878#.d57333xlk
How Two Non-Technical Cofounders Grew &amp; Sold Their Startup for Millions
http://www.aaronstannard.com/engineers-from-scratch/
Developers Who Can Build Things from Scratch
http://scottsmerchek.com/2015/08/03/taking-the-d-out-of-crud/
taking-the-d-out-of-crud
http://fusion.net/story/54990/guy-got-rich-using-jet/
This guy used an insane get-rich-quick scheme to become a start-up millionaire in three weeks
https://medium.com/life-learning/uber-s-secret-weapon-6966ada226d5#.ukqvgp43j
Uber’s Secret Weapon
http://techcrunch.com/2015/08/09/bigger-isnt-always-better-how-a-big-round-can-hurt-your-startup/
Bigger Isn’t Always Better: How A Big Round Can Hurt Your Startup
https://medium.com/female-founders/don-t-take-advice-and-more-startup-advice-2723e7a169d3#.y0cr4vfbe
“Don’t Take Advice” and More Startup Advice
https://medium.com/keep-learning-keep-growing/why-you-should-be-a-morning-person-8dc34fbe592b#.euwiuj4jb
Why You Should Be A Morning Person
http://a16z.com/2015/08/06/wechat-china-mobile-first/
When One App Rules Them All: The Case of WeChat and Mobile in China
http://paulgraham.com/name.html
Change Your Name
http://mahesh-vc.com/what-does-it-mean-for-start-ups-to-create-value/
What Does It Mean For Start-Ups To Create Value?
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2015-07-22/thirteen-months-of-working-eating-and-sleeping-at-the-googleplex
thirteen-months-of-working-eating-and-sleeping-at-the-googleplex
http://10years.firstround.com/
10years.firstround
https://medium.com/what-i-learned-building/the-user-is-always-right-eab73c620e7d#.y8m7kyn9b
what-i-learned-building/the-user-is-always-right
http://gsvtomorrow.com/market-commentary/different-strokes/
GSV Tomorrow
http://paulbuchheit.blogspot.com/2010/02/if-your-product-is-great-it-doesnt-need.html
if-your-product-is-great-it-doesnt-need
http://foundersatwork.posthaven.com/what-makes-founders-succeed
What Makes Founders Succeed
https://engineering.quora.com/Moving-Fast-With-High-Code-Quality?share=1
Moving-Fast-With-High-Code-Quality
http://blog.lmorchard.com/2015/07/22/the-verge-web-sucks/
The Verge's web sucks
https://www.quora.com/What-are-some-of-the-biggest-red-flags-in-an-interviewee-1/answer/Sarah-Smith?srid=5X05&amp;share=1
Sarah Smith's answer to What are some of the biggest red flags in an interviewee?
https://engineering.linkedin.com/sre/introducing-nurse-auto-remediation-linkedin
Introducing Nurse: Auto-Remediation at LinkedIn
http://www.joelonsoftware.com/items/2009/09/23.html
The Duct Tape Programmer
https://medium.com/swlh/graham-for-the-lazy-51a170dacc86#.z6h0mfg5z
Paul Graham’s Startup Advice for the Lazy
https://blog.asana.com/2015/07/workstyle-communication-internal-memo-from-our-founders/
Killing over-communication: an internal memo from our founders
http://highscalability.com/blog/2015/7/22/architecting-backend-for-a-social-product.html
Architecting Backend for a Social Product
https://corner.squareup.com/2015/07/ios-build-infrastructure.html
iOS Build Infrastructure
https://lwn.net/Articles/651967/
Guido on Python [LWN.net]
https://equityzen.com/blog/leaving-your-startup-job/
So You're Leaving Your Startup Job...
https://medium.com/the-rime-of-the-digital-mariner/stop-whiteboarding-8ed99abfdc12#.5vhv50gvk
Stop Whiteboarding
http://mashable.com/2015/08/02/google-plus-history/
Inside the sad, expensive failure of Google+
https://medium.com/mattermark-posts/how-to-find-a-startup-worth-working-for-cede8b28c504#.ewh9jso0y
How to find a startup worth working for
http://www.craigkerstiens.com/2015/07/21/An-intro-PR-guide-for-startups/
A guide to PR for startups Craig Kerstiens
http://firstround.com/review/speed-as-a-habit/
Speed as a Habit
http://techcrunch.com/2015/07/18/welcome-to-the-unicorn-club-2015-learning-from-billion-dollar-companies/#.l9drrjd:Lhp0
Welcome To The Unicorn Club, 2015: Learning From Billion-Dollar Companies
http://yourstory.com/2015/07/validated-startup-idea/
How I validated my startup idea
http://www.onlyonceblog.com/2015/07/everything-is-data
Everything Is Data «  Only Once
https://medium.com/@arlogilbert/silicon-valley-s-dirty-secret-67b1f0efdce#.np0sltmhw
Silicon Valley’s Dirty Secret
https://medium.com/the-story/what-are-bloom-filters-1ec2a50c68ff#.pizdg4go1
What are Bloom filters?
http://queue.acm.org/detail.cfm?id=1039523
A Conversation with Alan Kay
https://medium.com/firm-narrative/want-a-better-pitch-watch-this-328b95c2fd0b#.6if6vsb62
Want a Better Pitch? Watch This.
https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-genesis-of-Instagram/answer/Kevin-Systrom?srid=5X05&amp;share=1
Kevin Systrom's answer to What is the genesis of Instagram?
http://tomtunguz.com/how-to-interview-culture/
A Framework to Maximize Your Startup's Hiring Success
https://engineering.linkedin.com/architecture/brief-history-scaling-linkedin
A Brief History of Scaling LinkedIn
http://www.bloomberg.com/bw/articles/2013-04-10/inside-operation-inversion-the-code-freeze-that-saved-linkedin
inside-operation-inversion-the-code-freeze-that-saved-linkedin
https://arenavc.com/2015/07/airbnb-my-1-billion-lesson/
Airbnb, My $1 Billion Lesson
http://tightstartup.com/programmers-are-distraction-for-your-startup/
Programmers are distraction for your startup
http://lifehacker.com/behind-the-app-the-story-of-circa-1576284463
Behind the App: The Story of Circa
https://medium.com/android-news/how-to-start-a-growth-team-ff70cd29c0f2?_hsenc=p2ANqtz--0qwrA1Pe9ErY9imPtvmkzT2uKmCPgdM2rVh1U2MSEdwVhe59PMi5_S6DfbES7x2-t-oABL_0LVGwIU7qOQIlkiP-UyA&amp;_hsmi=20508918#.cknvzeiid
How to Start a Growth Team
http://fortune.com/brian-chesky-airbnb/
The education of Airbnb's Brian Chesky
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/07/12/business/stewart-butterfield-of-slack-experience-with-empathy-required.html
stewart-butterfield-of-slack-experience-with-empathy-required
https://medium.com/brigade-engineering/brigades-experience-using-an-mvc-alternative-36ef1601a41f#.jwffzywcg
Brigade’s Experience Using an MVC Alternative
http://guykawasaki.com/what-i-learned-from-steve-jobs/
Guy Kawasaki
http://lifehacker.com/behind-the-app-the-story-of-1password-1643425238
Behind the App: The Story of 1Password
https://medium.com/backchannel/what-i-learned-when-i-gave-up-the-9-to-5-873a48d78a59#.i24qbrs3q
What I Learned When I Gave Up the ‘9 to 5’
http://foundersatwork.posthaven.com/7-important-lesson-from-airbnbs-7-rejections
7 Important Lessons from Airbnb's 7 Rejections
http://blog.openviewpartners.com/forget-full-stack-focus-on-creating-real-differentiated-value/
Startup CEOs: Forget “Full Stack” and Focus on Creating Real, Differentiated Value
http://www.coelevate.com/essays/product-market-fit
The Never Ending Road To Product Market Fit
https://42floors.com/blog/startups/after-the-layoffs
After the Layoffs
https://medium.com/life-at-medium/madlib-tm-feedback-e0fcd1b56921#.mj7bgbhxm
MadLib Feedback
https://medium.com/@sparkszilla/what-s-a-coo-do-bbeb0f8648ee#.e3ur6mdbk
What Does a Startup COO Actually Do?
https://medium.com/@chewishgirl/the-ceo-s-challenge-creating-alignment-7454bd6586f3?_hsenc=p2ANqtz--tjyWMYtWvq8wofYaBniMbm5KKy04CE_8r4GmxIX_yzRH3C2Vdp4lDEddj2YoQJUxqspZ14K-tTENVXRQ6kT7GJGN-_A&amp;_hsmi=20450339#.nfkjhg1j3
The CEO’s Challenge:
Engineering Alignment
http://a16z.com/2015/07/11/12-things-ive-learned-from-ben-horowitz-about-management-investing-and-business/
12 Things I Learned from Ben Horowitz about Management, Investing, and Business
https://brett.is/writing/about/write-code-every-day/?hn=1
Write code every day
https://medium.com/pejmanmar/what-do-stanford-gsb-founders-look-like-b830ba95a1ba?_hsenc=p2ANqtz-_RG4PrATZfaUJ9xiSme3aOJkzqbStdQNBJzpc06V_yQlF9iWp7CmSg8tPMxy9G99kVJrzEt8sQ6vNxHT0MBHSk752pwA&amp;_hsmi=20032627#.2bpauzofm
What do Stanford GSB founders look like?
https://baremetrics.com/blog/maker-manager-founder?utm_campaign=Mattermark+Daily&amp;utm_source=hs_email&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_content=20172979&amp;_hsenc=p2ANqtz-_OEiMH7C7_EWargp8KsQlFKZ71M499VvzWqpJw9vskl0g8P-C10tqSKVKq4KIHUBLm3031uV3zRzlWYN_mdBDRTNwbZQ&amp;_hsmi=20172979
Maker to Manager: What a startup founder does
https://insouciant.org/tech/back-to-sf-after-usds/
Back to SF after the U.S. Digital Service
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/03/16/magazine/silicon-valleys-youth-problem.html
silicon-valleys-youth-problem
http://mattbriggs.net/blog/2015/06/01/the-role-of-a-senior-developer/
the-role-of-a-senior-developer
http://pmarchive.com/luck_and_the_entrepreneur.html
luck_and_the_entrepreneur
http://lifehacker.com/im-joel-gascoigne-and-this-is-the-story-behind-buffer-1446437914
im-joel-gascoigne-and-this-is-the-story-behind-buffer
https://medium.com/backchannel/the-little-known-story-behind-why-i-started-y-combinator-4f36cb18f74d?_hsenc=p2ANqtz-9cphKxS2lgZ4-rul3-oeBEtkSd9Fm-93zksd79EKP6z1YSLbwwEXtNGapL3LdzaX3rAwQtXzTa5x-tLIBahJYvfezowg&amp;_hsmi=20327058#.rctlrad6t
The Moment I Fell in Love With the World of Startups
https://medium.com/@roybahat/your-career-is-a-mess-a8a58acd18fa#.tvo5l0537
Your Career is a Mess
http://martinfowler.com/articles/microservice-trade-offs.html
Microservice Trade-Offs
https://aphyr.com/posts/281-call-me-maybe
Jepsen: On the perils of network partitions
https://medium.com/@leeb/why-invest-in-tools-3240ce289930#.201emo5tm
Why Invest in Tools?
http://lifehacker.com/behind-the-app-the-story-of-alfred-1624424125
Behind the App: The Story of Alfred
https://medium.com/@dpup/coding-for-obsolescence-d8b83938d171#.ek61o7bq1
Coding for Obsolescence
http://agilevc.com/blog/2015/06/17/playing-startup/
Playing Startup
http://algeri-wong.com/yishan/engineering-management-tools-are-top-priority.html
Engineering Management
https://data.triplebyte.com/three-hundred-programming-interviews-in-thirty-days-12c23c26b5ba#.khbgv7gk4
Three hundred programming interviews in thirty days
http://zurb.com/soapbox/events/21/Kevin-Hale-ZURBsoapbox
Kevin Hale's Soapbox: Wufoo's Buildup to SurveyMonkey's $35M Acquisition
http://firstround.com/review/Top-Hacks-from-a-PM-Behind-Two-of-Techs-Hottest-Products/
Top Hacks from a PM Behind Two of Tech's Hottest Products
https://medium.com/@garyvee/this-is-the-biggest-mistake-a-young-entrepreneur-can-make-448ba2df43ef#.63y1mlk6n
This is the Biggest Mistake a Young Entrepreneur Can Make
http://www.zdfs.com/code/2015/on-interviewing-software-engineers
On Interviewing Software Engineers â zdfs
https://engineering.linkedin.com/developer-happiness/getting-code-production-less-friction-and-high-quality
Getting Code to Production With Less Friction and High Quality
http://avc.com/2015/06/profits-vs-growth/
Profits vs Growth
https://stratechery.com/2015/curation-and-algorithms/
Curation and Algorithms
http://greatresearch.org/2013/10/11/storytelling-101-writing-tips-for-academics/
Storytelling 101: Writing Tips for Academics
http://donmelton.com/2014/04/10/memories-of-steve/
Memories of Steve
http://m.scottbilas.com/blog/peer-code-reviews-at-loose-cannon/
Peer Code Reviews At Loose Cannon at New Fun Blog
http://www.marco.org/2013/05/20/one-person-product
The One-Person Product
http://a16z.com/2014/07/30/the-happy-demise-of-the-10x-engineer/
The Happy Demise of the 10X Engineer
http://techcrunch.com/2015/05/24/who-will-be-hurt-most-when-the-tech-bubble-burst-not-vcs/#.l9drrjd:Hs05
Who Will Be Hurt Most When The Tech Bubble Bursts? Not VCs
http://a16z.com/2015/05/28/some-career-advice-for-all-you-recent-graduates/
Don’t Follow Your Passion: Career Advice for Recent Graduates
http://www.businessinsider.com/the-fab-life-of-billionaire-marc-benioff-2015-6?op=1
The fabulous life of tech billionaire Marc Benioff
https://medium.com/work-reimagined/the-hiring-mistake-you-didn-t-know-you-were-making-b64d0bff06b8#.rymzqpaek
The One Hiring Mistake You Didn’t Know You Were Making
https://codeascraft.com/2015/02/17/the-art-of-the-dojo/
The Art of the Dojo
https://medium.com/the-year-of-the-looking-glass/tending-the-spark-56c266ab588a#.1qww9pxff
Tending the Spark
http://dtrace.org/blogs/ahl/2014/06/17/lessons-from-a-decade-of-blogging/
Adam Leventhal's blog
https://codeascraft.com/2013/05/31/culture-hacking-with-a-staff-database/
Culture Hacking With A Staff Database
http://techcrunch.com/2015/06/06/on-managing-developers/
On Managing Developers
https://engineering.linkedin.com/open-source/why-open-source-works-linkedin
Why Open Source Works for LinkedIn
http://queue.acm.org/detail.cfm?id=2413037
Thinking Methodically about Performance
https://medium.com/@ashleymayer/accidental-lessons-from-a-first-time-manager-32a9be7707d2#.risuhep5s
Accidental lessons from a first-time manager
http://www.vox.com/2015/5/22/8639717/reid-hoffman-the-alliance
LinkedIn founder Reid Hoffman on the biggest lie employers tell employees
https://blog.asana.com/2015/05/workstyle-what-is-a-1-1/
Why 1-1 meetings are crucial to your team’s success
https://medium.com/buffer-posts/my-advice-to-non-technical-founders-25767263eb16#.tlcybwdh2
My advice to non-technical founders
http://www.businessinsider.com/successful-people-who-barely-sleep-2012-9?op=1
19 Successful People Who Barely Sleep
https://medium.com/keep-learning-keep-growing/on-writing-437a3dadc564#.z5c0s89tf
On writing
http://www.bothsidesofthetable.com/2015/05/20/what-is-the-best-way-to-explain-your-startup/
What is The Best Way to Explain Your Startup?
http://www.theverge.com/a/sundars-google/sundar-pichai-interview-google-io-2015
Chasing the next billion with Sundar Pichai
http://blog.alinelerner.com/silicon-valley-hiring-is-not-a-meritocracy/
Silicon Valley hiring is not a meritocracy
http://www.fastcompany.com/3046316/fast-feed/the-case-for-setting-impossible-deadlines
The Case For Setting Impossible Deadlines
http://www.mondaynote.com/2015/05/17/firing-well/
Firing Well | Monday Note
http://kevinlondon.com/2015/05/05/code-review-best-practices.html
Code Review Best Practices
http://blog.aweissman.com/2015/05/no-stack-startups.html
no-stack-startups
http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2015/05/18/tomorrows-advance-man?currentPage=all
The Mind of Marc Andreessen
https://medium.com/learn-outside-with-tinkergarten/how-a-side-project-became-an-obsession-472bc88cc8d3#.3ptq00y92
How a Side Project Became an Obsession
https://blog.asana.com/2015/04/sharding-is-bitter-medicine/
Sharding the Asana Database
http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2015/05/what-if-everybody-didnt-have-to-work-to-get-paid/393428/
What If Everybody Didn't Have to Work to Get Paid?
https://medium.com/buffer-posts/how-i-worked-remotely-from-11-cities-in-3-months-b16fffc6e382#.2e0dxduvv
How I worked remotely from 11 cities in 3 months
https://stories.californiasunday.com/2015-06-07/real-teenagers-silicon-valley
The Real Teens of Silicon Valley
https://hbr.org/2015/05/companies-drain-womens-ambition-after-only-2-years
Companies Drain Women’s Ambition After Only 2 Years
https://medium.com/inclusion-insights/want-to-hire-more-diverse-people-raise-your-bar-b5d30f91cbd9#.ghocq941i
Want to Hire More Diverse People? Raise Your Bar.
https://blog.wealthfront.com/software-based-companies-judged-rate-innovation/?ir_clickid=V1a2I5RtdVlbyLLReq0EfXJvUkXXYewjhyALzo0
Software Based Companies Should Be Judged On Their Rate Of Innovation
http://www.kpcb.com/blog/the-importance-of-founders
The Importance Of Founders
https://library.gv.com/hiring-lessons-from-gv-s-design-event-series-c66802a0567c#.s09tntpdk
Hiring lessons from GV’s design event series
https://medium.com/backchannel/why-silicon-valley-will-continue-to-rule-c0cbb441e22f#.n6eepsg7v
Why Silicon Valley Will Continue to Rule
http://nerds.airbnb.com/airbnb-tablet/
Behind the Scenes: Building Airbnb’s First Native Tablet App
http://www.confluent.io/blog/bottled-water-real-time-integration-of-postgresql-and-kafka/
Bottled Water: Real-time integration of PostgreSQL and Kafka
https://mike-bland.com/2011/09/20/grouplets.html
Grouplets - Mike Bland
https://medium.com/observations-and-thoughts/the-secret-sauce-of-silicon-valley-d152f6dc2dcf#.8zhb4dbis
The Secret Sauce of Silicon Valley
https://blog.asana.com/2015/05/phips/
Improving developer productivity at Asana: Phips Peter
http://www.fastcompany.com/3045879/hit-the-ground-running/the-10-most-important-things-ive-learned-about-building-an-entreprene
The 10 Most Important Things I've Learned About Building An Entrepreneurial Mindset
http://techcrunch.com/2015/05/11/how-do-i-know-if-i-should-take-a-job-at-a-startup/#.l9drrjd:DVR8
How Do I Know If I Should Take A Job At A Startup?
https://medium.com/backchannel/dennis-crowley-takes-another-stab-at-explaining-foursquare-a04894b7874b#.s17vld810
Foursquare’s Dennis Crowley Can’t Stop Believing
https://vimeo.com/85490944
Spotify Engineering Culture
http://techcrunch.com/2015/04/27/etsy-cto-on-its-conservatively-crafty-tech-philosophy/
Etsy CTO On Its Conservatively Crafty Tech Philosophy
http://www.stackbuilders.com/news/the-hidden-costs-of-microservices
The Hidden Costs of Microservices
https://medium.com/@joulee/how-to-impress-an-interviewer-c210d9d8e84a#.i1leymodz
How to Impress an Interviewer
http://www.wired.com/2013/08/20-percent-time-will-never-die/
Google Couldn't Kill 20 Percent Time Even if It Wanted To
http://www.somethingsimilar.com/2013/01/14/notes-on-distributed-systems-for-young-bloods/
Notes on Distributed Systems for Young Bloods
https://medium.com/@charlierguo/the-future-of-version-control-f50648187462#.ndxo8n689
“The Future of Version Control”
https://medium.com/@RequestsForStartups/what-do-the-founding-teams-of-billion-dollar-companies-look-like-14036f214433#.uwvgr7cta
What Do the Founding Teams of Billion Dollar Companies Look Like?
http://firstround.com/review/Aaron-Levie-on-How-to-Scale-10x-as-a-CEO-Built-a-Billion-Dollar-Business/
Aaron Levie of Box on How to Scale 10x as a CEO and Build a Billion Dollar Business
http://www.fastcompany.com/3044649/yahoo-purple
Marissa Mayer on Yahoo's 20-Year Love Affair With The Color Purple
http://foundersatwork.posthaven.com/subtle-mid-stage-pitfalls
Subtle Mid-Stage Startup Pitfalls
http://radianttiger.com/2015/04/20/a-culture-that-attracts-quality-candidates/
A culture that attracts quality candidates
http://www.businessinsider.com/the-incredible-life-of-david-goldberg-2015-5
Dave Goldberg had an incredible life
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/20131204212558-56725-what-defines-an-engineering-driven-culture
What Defines an Engineering-Driven Culture
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/03/upshot/andreessen-horowitz-dealmaker-to-the-stars-of-silicon-valley.html?&amp;moduleDetail=section-news-2&amp;action=click&amp;contentCollection=DealBook&amp;region=Footer&amp;configSection=article&amp;isLoggedIn=false&amp;module=MoreInSection&amp;pgtype=article&amp;abt=0002&amp;abg=1&amp;_r=1
andreessen-horowitz-dealmaker-to-the-stars-of-silicon-valley
http://thinkapps.com/blog/entrepreneurship/pieter-levels-founder-building-startup/
Meet the Founder Who's Building a New Startup Every Month
https://rishadt.wordpress.com/2015/04/18/ten-career-learnings/
Ten Career Lessons
http://marketergraham.com/pmcam-product-market-fit-is-not-enough/
Product Market Fit is Not Enough
https://deardesignstudent.com/work-is-better-than-talent-3d7e4421498b#.gnd6f0uzh
Work Is Better Than Talent
https://medium.com/uber-for-x/the-on-demand-economy-e064026bf822#.2xb1135cc
The On Demand Economy:
http://www.fastcodesign.com/3044877/the-golden-ratio-designs-biggest-myth
The Golden Ratio: Design's Biggest Myth
https://medium.com/@nanea/work-life-balance-and-what-that-means-when-things-fall-apart-51ed04fd89ad#.1bxsiltlg
Work/Life Balance and What That Means When Things Fall Apart
http://www.forbes.com/sites/truebridge/2015/04/15/big-industries-and-their-tech-disruptors/
Forbes Welcome
https://www.quora.com/Does-a-good-engineering-culture-matter/answer/Adam-DAngelo?srid=5X05&amp;share=1
Does-a-good-engineering-culture-matter
http://blog.jerryorr.com/2015/03/simplicity.html
Jerry on Java: Simplicity
http://frontendofinnovationblog.iirusa.com/2015/03/why-big-companies-try-to-act-like-start.html?m=1
Front End of Innovation Blog: Why Big Companies Fail at Acting Like Start-Ups
http://venturehacks.com/articles/pick-cofounder
How to pick a co-founder
https://medium.com/@jasonyogeshshah/why-dropbox-needs-to-own-collaboration-to-become-a-100b-company-af3c5cc527af#.bj0fgtq39
Why Dropbox Needs to Own Collaboration to Become a $100b Company
https://medium.com/keep-learning-keep-growing/what-did-billion-dollar-companies-look-like-at-the-series-a-e53ea8043a85#.7gmruuqfs
What did Billion Dollar Companies Look Like at the Series A?
http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/244859
Why Billionaire Investor Reid Hoffman Is Betting Big on Bitcoin
https://medium.com/@chrismessina/the-full-stack-employee-ed0db089f0a1?_hsenc=p2ANqtz--vmpQSbCEATcOon6P7rYwOoezZb5CGKA1CeE2OLfOBNYW7kzLWqZSgRtc5A8pN4WJhybRjjYs3HK_RgxY0lvcV8pW6bQ&amp;_hsmi=16981900#.tnc7lahs3
The full-stack employee
https://www.hottopics.ht/stories/how-to/4-tips-becoming-great-entrepreneur/
What does it take to be a great entrepreneur?
http://www.infoworld.com/article/2906362/data-center/dawn-of-the-data-center-operating-system.html
Dawn of the data center operating system
http://www.theverge.com/2013/11/5/5039216/everpix-life-and-death-inside-the-worlds-best-photo-startup
Out of the picture: why the world's best photo startup is going out of business
http://eng.wealthfront.com/2015/04/similarities-of-disruptive-companies.html
similarities-of-disruptive-companies
http://blog.eladgil.com/2015/03/career-decisions.html?m=1
career-decisions.html
http://highscalability.com/blog/2015/3/23/three-simple-rules-for-building-data-products-that-people-wi.html
Three Simple Rules for Building Data Products that People Will Actually Use
http://fortune.com/2015/03/26/tim-cook/
Apple's Tim Cook leads different
http://blog.codinghorror.com/how-to-write-without-writing/
How to Write Without Writing
http://paulgraham.com/startuplessons.html
The Hardest Lessons for Startups to Learn
https://medium.com/@chamath/values-1d00431c35f1#.bts3xdlyb
Values
http://www.bhorowitz.com/how_to_ruin_your_company_with_one_bad_process
How to Ruin Your Company with One Bad Process
http://techcrunch.com/2015/03/22/mentors-are-the-secret-weapons-of-successful-startups/?ncid=rss&amp;cps=gravity_1730_-1950176197735310064
Mentors Are The Secret Weapons Of Successful Startups
https://medium.com/the-year-of-the-looking-glass/the-idea-person-e08e36f9024d#.rbf8qgvvq
The Idea Person
https://medium.com/@stuartkhall/how-i-got-2-3m-app-downloads-without-spending-a-cent-on-marketing-f4823b6bc779#.hf5w06q2w
How I got 2.3 million app downloads (without spending a cent on marketing)
https://medium.com/@morganb/ten-things-i-learned-researching-ten-of-the-worlds-fastest-growing-startups-a53106e2599a#.gq1kew613
Ten Things I Learned Researching Ten of the World’s Fastest Growing Startups
http://schlaf.me/post/114422198892
Mindful VC - Transitions
https://musingsofaproductguy.quora.com/The-virality-of-LinkedIn-Endorsements
The virality of LinkedIn Endorsements
http://techcrunch.com/2015/03/04/y-combinators-sam-altman-on-the-elements-of-a-successful-startup/?ncid=rss&amp;utm_source=feedburner&amp;utm_medium=feed&amp;utm_campaign=Feed%3A+Techcrunch+%28TechCrunch%29
Y Combinator’s Sam Altman On The Elements Of A Successful Startup
https://www.nginx.com/blog/microservices-at-netflix-architectural-best-practices/
Microservices at Netflix: Lessons for Architectural Design
http://mashable.com/2014/02/03/jonathan-abrams-friendster-facebook/#3i4kDhE5ciqk
Friendster Founder Tells His Side of the Story, 10 Years After Facebook
http://blog.serverfault.com/2015/03/05/how-we-upgrade-a-live-data-center/
How we upgrade a live data center
http://ben-evans.com/benedictevans/2015/1/18/why-do-we-care-about-xiaomi
Why do we care about Xiaomi? â Benedict Evans
http://marcobambini.com/my-y-combinator-experience/
My Y Combinator experience
https://medium.com/@sailorhg/coding-like-a-girl-595b90791cce#.fbu8doxbc
Coding Like a Girl
http://engineeringblog.yelp.com/2015/03/using-services-to-break-down-monoliths.html
Using Services to Break Down Monoliths
http://firstround.com/review/The-One-Thing-Every-Leader-Needs-to-Learn-How-to-Scale-Change/
The One Thing Every Leader Needs to Learn: How to Scale Change
http://hunterwalk.com/2015/02/26/hiring-momentum-underrated-component-of-startup-success/
Hiring Momentum: Underrated Component of Startup Success
http://kirjonen.me/how-dropbox-got-75000-wait-list-signups-from-digg/
how-dropbox-got-75000-wait-list-signups-from-digg
http://www.infoq.com/articles/twitter-infrastructure
Interview with Raffi Krikorian on Twitter's Infrastructure
https://medium.com/@awilkinson/unicorns-vs-horses-f81d8dd61f17#.ly17ghyta
Unicorns vs. Horses
http://blog.geoffralston.com/startup-priorities
Startup Priorities
https://www.nczonline.net/blog/2014/07/15/generalists-and-specialists-thoughts-on-hiring/
Generalists and specialists: thoughts on hiring
https://medium.com/greylock-perspectives/storytelling-for-startups-4f64b81db796#.exqt0isqw
Storytelling for Startups
http://blog.samaltman.com/startup-advice-briefly
Startup advice, briefly
https://www.aerofs.com/blog/where-to-start-a-startup/
Where to start up a startup
https://medium.com/@DavidMack/advice-for-first-time-founders-3834f02cd3b0#.5bx0t1etq
Advice for first-time founders
http://blog.learningbyshipping.com/2014/09/25/beauty-of-testing/
Beauty of Testing
http://www.instigatorblog.com/changing-behavior/2014/01/30/
The Challenge of Changing People’s Behavior
http://eatcodeplay.com/why-we-killed-off-code-reviews/
: Why We Killed Off Code Reviews
https://medium.com/@intentionally/creating-unicorns-the-6-essential-growth-competencies-dcbc2425a06d#.ume58r9lf
Creating Unicorns
http://www.aaronkharris.com/cofounder-management
Cofounder management
http://rein.pk/replacing-middle-management-with-apis/
Replacing Middle Management with APIs by Peter Reinhardt
http://boz.com/articles/the-path-matters.html
The Path Matters
https://realpython.com/blog/python/the-most-diabolical-python-antipattern/
The Most Diabolical Python Antipattern
http://paulstamatiou.com/twitter-video/
Designing Twitter Video
http://ben-evans.com/benedictevans/2015/1/1/20-questions-for-2015
20 questions for 2015
http://joel.is/what-no-one-talks-about-when-building-a-team-letting/
What no one talks about when building a team: letting people go
https://medium.com/@jason/how-to-behave-at-work-a-primer-for-your-first-day-on-the-job-4691765fc211#.mq4nw5uu8
How to behave at work
http://www.startuplessonslearned.com/2015/01/mvps-and-excellence.html
mvps-and-excellence
https://www.aerofs.com/blog/how-we-run-hackathons/
How we run hackathons
https://www.airpair.com/aws/posts/building-a-scalable-web-app-on-amazon-web-services-p1?wed
A Comprehensive Guide to Building a Scalable Web App on Amazon Web Services
http://casnocha.com/reid-hoffman-lessons
10,000 Hours with Reid Hoffman: What I Learned
http://a16z.com/2015/01/18/12-things-learned-from-chris-dixon-about-startups/
12 Things I Learned from Chris Dixon about Startups
http://mymorningroutine.com/elizabeth-royal/#continue
Elizabeth Royal’s Morning Routine on My Morning Routine
https://engineering.linkedin.com/kafka/kafka-linkedin-current-and-future
Kafka at LinkedIn: Current and Future
http://www.shubhro.com/2014/12/27/software-engineers-should-write/
Software engineers should write
https://growthhackers.com/growth-studies/spotify
growth-studies/spotify
https://medium.com/@ev/a-mile-wide-an-inch-deep-48f36e48d4cb#.7t1ysghxx
A mile wide, an inch deep
https://medium.com/design-playbooks/designing-the-hiring-process-e0b59f3ee53#.x3ac2plk8
Designing the Hiring Process
http://engineeringblog.yelp.com/2014/11/scaling-elasticsearch-to-hundreds-of-developers.html
Scaling Elasticsearch to Hundreds of Developers
http://venturegeneratedcontent.com/2015/01/26/successful-startups-say-no/
Successful startups say “no”
http://highscalability.com/blog/2010/6/10/the-four-meta-secrets-of-scaling-at-facebook.html
The Four Meta Secrets of Scaling at Facebook
http://patrickcollison.com/svhistory
Silicon Valley History 路 Patrick Collison
http://fortune.com/2015/01/22/the-age-of-unicorns/
The Age of Unicorns
https://www.themuse.com/advice/the-career-path-i-didnt-consider-but-should-have
Why to Join a Startup by Jessica Livingston
http://www.forbes.com/sites/theyec/2014/04/01/the-three-unconventional-questions-i-ask-every-candidate/
Forbes Welcome
http://anewdomain.net/2014/12/11/dont-hire-anyone-30-ageism-silicon-valley/
Don't Hire Anyone Over 30: Ageism in Silicon Valley
http://paulgraham.com/work.html
What Doesn't Seem Like Work?
https://medium.com/facebook-design/a-year-of-designing-at-facebook-74ba9c292888#.dfop19c3k
A year of designing at Facebook
http://firstround.com/review/The-30-Best-Pieces-of-Advice-for-Entrepreneurs-in-2014/
The 30 Best Pieces of Advice for Entrepreneurs in 2014
http://www.chris-granger.com/2015/01/26/coding-is-not-the-new-literacy/
Chris Granger
http://techcrunch.com/2014/12/30/what-the-hell-is-a-startup-anyway/
What The Hell Is A Startup Anyway?
https://blog.optimizely.com/2014/12/30/building-an-mvpp-minimum-viable-product-were-proud-of/
Building an MVPP: Minimum Viable Product We’re Proud Of
https://medium.com/life-at-primeloop/money-time-e5dc820629d#.vheo3au4d
Money = Time
http://www.bothsidesofthetable.com/2014/11/29/the-very-first-startup-founder-you-need-to-invest-in-is-you/
The Very First Startup Founder You Need to Invest in is You
https://blog.asana.com/2014/11/great-data-delivery/
Great Data: it’s all in the delivery
http://www.businessinsider.com/the-future-of-the-mobile-industry-2014-11?op=1
the-future-of-the-mobile-industry
http://blog.learningbyshipping.com/2014/10/23/management-cliches-that-work/
Management Clichés That Work
https://medium.com/data-lab/mediums-metric-that-matters-total-time-reading-86c4970837d5#.gyg5tgc7n
Medium’s metric that matters: Total Time Reading
http://evhead.com/2005/11/ten-rules-for-web-startups.asp?hn=true
evhead: Ten Rules for Web Startups
http://nerds.airbnb.com/engineering-culture-airbnb/
Engineering Culture at Airbnb
http://cdixon.org/2014/12/21/two-eras-of-the-internet-pull-and-push/
Two eras of the internet: pull and push
http://www.wired.com/2013/03/google-borg-twitter-mesos/all/
Return of the Borg: How Twitter Rebuilt Google's Secret Weapon
http://www.wired.com/2014/11/startup-factories/
The Next Big Thing You Missed: Tech Superstars Build 'Startup Factories'
http://www.technologyreview.com/news/532606/three-questions-with-slacks-ceo/
An Interview with Flickr cofounder Stewart Butterfield on the Workplace Communication App Slack
http://hunterwalk.com/2014/11/18/the-most-difficult-question-i-ask-founders/
The Most Difficult Question I Ask Founders
https://engineering.pinterest.com/blog/how-pinterest-drives-sustainable-growth
How Pinterest drives sustainable growth
http://blog.memsql.com/cache-is-the-new-ram/
Cache is the new RAM
https://sprint.ly/blog/your-developers-arent-slow/
Your developers aren’t slow
http://paulgraham.com/opensource.html
What Business Can Learn from Open Source
http://joel.mn/post/103546215249/the-blockchain-application-stack
Joel Monegro
http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-race-to-create-elon-musks-hyperloop-heats-up-1448899356
the-race-to-create-elon-musks-hyperloop-heats-up
http://blogs.wsj.com/digits/2014/11/21/baidus-andrew-ng-on-deep-learning-and-innovation-in-silicon-valley/
baidus-andrew-ng-on-deep-learning-and-innovation-in-silicon-valley
http://cmxhub.com/community-growth-hacks-from-polyvores-ceo-jess-lee/
community-growth-hacks-from-polyvores-ceo-jess-lee
http://blog.ycombinator.com/what-we-learned-from-40-female-yc-founders
what-we-learned-from-40-female-yc-founders
http://blackhole12.blogspot.com/2014/11/not-reinventing-wheel-is-anticompetitive.html
not-reinventing-wheel-is-anticompetitive
http://lizthedeveloper.com/how-to-reward-skilled-coders-with-something-other-than-people-management
how-to-reward-skilled-coders-with-something-other-than-people-management
http://recode.net/2014/11/21/the-difference-between-uber-and-airbnb/
the-difference-between-uber-and-airbnb
http://nirvdrum.com/2014/11/20/open-sourcing-mogotest.html
nirvdrum's Weblog :: Open Sourcing a Failed Startup
http://www.bhorowitz.com/a_good_place_to_work
A Good Place to Work
http://mitchellh.com/the-new-normal
The New Normal
https://medium.com/@greylockvc/early-principles-of-linkedin-a-reflection-of-our-series-b-investment-20f95ff5feb5#.4olhnsh1d
Early Principles of Linkedin &amp; a Reflection of Our Series B Investment
http://prooffreaderplus.blogspot.com/2014/11/top-10-python-idioms-i-wished-id.html
top-10-python-idioms-i-wished-id
http://eranki.tumblr.com/post/27076431887/scaling-lessons-learned-at-dropbox-part-1
Rajiv's blog
https://medium.com/medium-eng/engineering-values-7143c0db0bd6#.mv8wnnuav
Engineering Values
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/20140930113457-10999323-how-to-spot-a-bad-boss-during-a-job-interview
How to Spot A Bad Boss During A Job Interview
https://medium.com/@fabiofederici/3-lessons-learned-from-starting-a-startup-374b9b7d3080#.42bf98scj
3 Lessons Learned From Starting A Startup
https://medium.com/thelist/the-cult-of-busy-bbb124caed51#.y8xhd6cxj
The Cult of Busy
http://www.inc.com/yun-fang-juan/how-6-startup-founders-manage-stress-and-avoid-burnout.html
How 6 Startup Founders Manage Stress and Avoid Burnout
https://blog.twitter.com/2014/building-a-complete-tweet-index
building-a-complete-tweet-index
https://www.makeleaps.jp/blog/en/2014/11/how-tokyo-is-different-to-silicon-valley/
how-tokyo-is-different-to-silicon-valley
https://medium.com/@emmie/my-technical-co-founder-quit-the-day-before-i-got-my-y-combinator-interview-759482562fcc#.h4dbh375f
my-technical-co-founder-quit-the-day-before-i-got-my-y-combinator-interview
https://medium.com/@jeeyoungk/why-i-love-databases-1d4cc433685f#.om86njd5n
why-i-love-databases
http://tomtunguz.com/job-interviews/
The Most Effective Questions to Use When Interviewing Candidates
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/20140824235337-22330283-the-three-qualities-of-people-i-most-enjoy-working-with
The Three Qualities of People I Most Enjoy Working With
http://www.fastcompany.com/3037765/what-angel-investors-are-actually-buying-from-your-startup
What Angel Investors Are Actually Buying From Your Startup
http://www.businessinsider.com/the-steve-jobs-guide-to-manipulating-people-and-getting-what-you-want-2014-10?op=1
the-steve-jobs-guide-to-manipulating-people-and-getting-what-you-want
http://www.wired.com/2014/08/the-most-fascinating-profile-youll-ever-read-about-a-guy-and-his-boring-startup/
The Most Fascinating Profile You'll Ever Read About a Guy and His Boring Startup
https://www.usenix.org/conference/srecon14/technical-sessions/presentation/keys-sre
Keys to SRE | USENIX
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/11/02/education/edlife/demystifying-the-mooc.html
demystifying-the-mooc
http://techcrunch.com/2014/11/08/the-rise-and-fall-of-the-full-stack-developer/
The Rise And Fall Of The Full Stack Developer
https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-questions-that-can-be-asked-when-the-interviewer-asks-Any-questions/answer/Edmond-Lau?srid=5X05&amp;share=1
Edmond Lau's answer to What are the questions that can be asked when the interviewer asks "Any questions?"
http://firstround.com/review/The-5-Early-Mistakes-That-Almost-Killed-This-Founders-Startup-and-How-He-Survived/
The 5 Early Mistakes That Almost Killed This Founder’s Startup
https://hxworks.com/insights/how-respect-your-startups-context-and-grow-quicker/1a1s1qs
How To Respect Your Startup's Context (And Grow Quicker)
http://aswathdamodaran.blogspot.in/2014/07/possible-plausible-and-probable-big.html
possible-plausible-and-probable-big
http://firstround.com/review/This-Startup-Built-Internal-Tools-to-Fuel-Major-Growth-Heres-Their-Approach/
This-Startup-Built-Internal-Tools-to-Fuel-Major-Growth-Heres-Their-Approach
https://medium.com/the-year-of-the-looking-glass/owning-it-c1036506ccc9#.n1zb2muja
Owning it — The Year of the Looking Glass
https://www.quora.com/It-seems-many-former-Googlers-now-work-at-Quora-What-was-your-thought-process-in-making-the-switch/answer/Kelvin-Ho
Kelvin Ho's answer to It seems many former Googlers now work at Quora. What was your thought process in making the switch?
http://techcrunch.com/2014/11/08/littles-law-is-big-for-startups/
Little’s Law Is Big For Startups
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/5-common-server-setups-for-your-web-application
5 Common Server Setups For Your Web Application
http://firstround.com/review/A-Counterintuitive-System-for-Startup-Compensation/
A Counterintuitive System for Startup Compensation
http://poy.time.com/2012/12/19/runner-up-tim-cook-the-technologist/
Runner-Up: Tim Cook, the Technologist
https://medium.com/@chacon/living-the-future-of-technical-writing-2f368bd0a272#.hiwhc05z2
Living the Future of Technical Writing
https://blog.gregbrockman.com/figuring-out-the-cto-role-at-stripe
#define CTO
http://paulgraham.com/guidetoinvestors.html
The Hacker's Guide to Investors
http://alexdanco.com/2014/10/15/theatres-of-the-absurd-how-to-get-startup-ideas/
Theatres of the absurd: how to get startup ideas
http://www.wired.com/2014/10/minerva-project/
This University Teaches You No Skills
https://zolmeister.com/2014/10/10x-architecture-at-clay-io.html
10x: Architecture at Clay.io
http://www.fastcompany.com/1657030/happiness-culture-zappos-isnt-company-its-mission
The Happiness Culture: Zappos Isn't a Company -- It's a Mission
https://a16z.com/2014/10/22/why-you-should-risk-sharing-your-idea/
Why You Should Risk Sharing Your Idea
http://firstround.com/review/This-is-Why-People-Leave-Your-Company/
This is Why People Leave Your Company
http://www.wired.com/2014/10/meteor/
An Open Source Platform That Makes Building Apps Cheap and Easy
https://highfive.com/blog/pinterest-culture
An inside look at Pinterest's creative culture
http://fortune.com/2014/10/27/google-rise-of-sundar-pichai/
The incredibly fast rise of Google's Sundar Pichai
http://www.technologyreview.com/news/522081/the-continuous-productivity-of-aaron-levie/
Profile of Aaron Levie, Who Is Trying to Make the Startup Box Vital for Work
https://medium.com/global-silicon-valley/10x-durability-953852f364d5#.9daanvp6y
10X Durability
http://www.foundersatwork.com/1/post/2012/10/what-goes-wrong.html
what-goes-wrong
http://thorstenball.com/blog/2014/10/13/why-threads-cant-fork/
Why threads can't fork
https://startupclass.co/courses/how-to-start-a-startup
how-to-start-a-startup
https://medium.com/@piotrwilam/technical-co-founder-c5b63203ce9a#.4ogh4miul
Technical Co-founder
http://www.feld.com/archives/2014/10/find-time-accomplish-anything.html
How to Find the Time to Accomplish Anything
https://konklone.com/post/quora-keeps-the-worlds-knowledge-for-itself
Quora Keeps the World's Knowledge For Itself
http://www.slideshare.net/ericschmidt/how-google-works-final-1
how-google-works-final
https://medium.com/little-thoughts/when-are-you-going-to-start-your-own-company-eba7c025ccf6#.voa1r0yi4
when-are-you-going-to-start-your-own-company
http://www.slideshare.net/reed2001/culture-1798664
Netflix Culture Deck
http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2014/10/marc-andreessen-in-conversation.html
marc-andreessen-in-conversation
http://www.hokstad.com/docker/patterns
docker/patterns
https://stratechery.com/2014/peak-google/
peak-google
http://www.economist.com/news/special-report/21621156-first-two-industrial-revolutions-inflicted-plenty-pain-ultimately-benefited
The third great wave
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/toO6Ep_FchMJnFkHkmKSBoA/htmlview?pli=1
Ron Conway's Recommended Reading List
http://smethur.st/posts/176135860
Designing a URL structure for BBC programmes
http://www.viabilify.com/blog/mistakes
22 Mistakes I Made as a First Time Founder
http://allthingsd.com/20121020/the-secret-behind-pinterests-growth-was-marketing-not-engineering-says-ceo-ben-silbermann/
Early Pinterest Growth Was Driven By Grassroots Marketing
https://www.quora.com/What-do-the-top-1-of-software-engineers-do-that-the-other-99-do-not/answer/Piaw-Na?srid=5X05&amp;share=1
Piaw Na's answer to What do the top 1% of software engineers do that the other 99% do not?
http://blogs.wsj.com/accelerators/2014/10/10/weekend-read-the-imminent-decentralized-computing-revolution/
weekend-read-the-imminent-decentralized-computing-revolution/
http://www.businessinsider.com/travis-kalanick-uber-backstory-2014-10?op=1
travis-kalanick-uber-backstory
http://www.referralcandy.com/blog/paypal-referrals/
PayPal's Referral Program: A Legendary Growth Hack
http://recode.net/2014/10/05/silicon-valley-teens-on-the-future-of-technology/
Silicon Valley Teens on the Future of Technology
http://codingvc.com/which-technologies-do-startups-use-an-exploration-of-angellist-data
Which Technologies Do Startups Use? An Exploration of AngelList Data · Coding VC
https://medium.com/@micah/dark-side-of-the-curve-32ab7db46099#.owxblimpl
Dark Side of the Curve
https://docs.google.com/document/d/199PqyG3UsyXlwieHaqbGiWVa8eMWi8zzAn0YfcApr8Q/preview#heading=h.fs3knmjt7fjy
My Philosophy on Alerting
http://foundersatwork.posthaven.com/why-i-love-startup-school
Why I Love Startup School
https://blog.wealthfront.com/107-career-launching-tech-companies/?ir_clickid=V1a2I5RtdVlbyLLReq0EfXJvUkXXdoSShyALzo0
106 Career-Launching Technology Companies
http://blog.ycombinator.com/hacker-news-api
Hacker News API
https://medium.com/@UseShout/our-journey-to-and-through-yc-a1d118e47f5#.gig1h7hew
Our Journey To and Through YC
https://code.facebook.com/posts/820258981365363/building-mobile-first-infrastructure-for-messenger/
building-mobile-first-infrastructure-for-messenger
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/eric-m-jackson/why-the-paypal-mafia-is-k_b_1121899.html
Why 'The PayPal Mafia' Is Killing It | Eric M. Jackson
https://medium.com/@nick_chmura/great-minds-dont-think-alike-145f407a7c8#.s2a9mxq5z
Great Minds Don’t Think Alike
http://muratbuffalo.blogspot.com/2014/07/distributed-is-not-necessarily-more.html
distributed-is-not-necessarily-more
https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/27532820/app.html
Y Combinator Funding Application
http://www.paulgraham.com/5founders.html
Five Founders
http://eng.wealthfront.com/2014/09/from-wall-street-to-silicon-valley.html
from-wall-street-to-silicon-valley
http://blog.producthunt.com/post/98290786994/what-makes-a-great-product-manager-10-product
Product Hunt Blog
http://www.theeffectiveengineer.com/blog/cardinal-sin-of-software-engineering?utm_content=buffer69b98&amp;utm_medium=social&amp;utm_source=twitter.com&amp;utm_campaign=buffer
How to Avoid One of the Costliest Mistakes in Software Engineering
http://techcrunch.com/2014/09/20/5-reasons-you-should-work-for-a-startup-at-least-once/
5 Reasons You Should Work For A Startup At Least Once
http://www.fastcompany.com/3020181/open-company/inside-githubs-super-lean-management-strategy-and-how-it-drives-innovation
Inside GitHub's Super-Lean Management Strategy--And How It Drives Innovation
http://paulgraham.com/13sentences.html
Startups in 13 Sentences
https://medium.com/i-m-h-o/good-and-bad-reasons-to-become-an-entrepreneur-decf0766de8d#.sxg7tjmw5
Good and Bad Reasons to Become an Entrepreneur
https://sivers.org/mindset
Fixed mindset vs Growth mindset
https://engineering.opendns.com/2014/09/16/caching-scale/
Caching at Scale
http://www.paulgraham.com/relres.html
Relentlessly Resourceful
https://www.aptible.com/blog/y_combinator.html
How to Get Into Y Combinator
http://thenextweb.com/entrepreneur/2014/02/20/7-things-can-legally-steal-successful-companies/
7 Things You Can Legally Steal from Successful Companies
http://www.chris-granger.com/2014/10/01/beyond-light-table/
Chris Granger
http://blog.frontapp.com/2014/10/01/three-months-at-y-combinator-what-its-like-and-how-to-get-in/
Three months at Y Combinator: what it’s like and how to get in · Front
http://www.defmacro.org/2014/10/03/engman.html
44 engineering management lessons
http://techcrunch.com/2014/09/08/peter-thiel-tweets/
Peter Thiel Tweets
http://genius.com/Eric-newcomer-venture-firms-fret-as-y-combinator-soars-annotated
Eric Newcomer
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/why-i-decided-build-new-startup-loic-le-meur?trk=hp-feed-article-title-comment
Why I decided to build a new startup
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/open-letter-indian-startups-entrepreneurs-vcs-startup-bhavin-turakhia
An Open letter to Indian Startups, Entrepreneurs, VCs and Startup Employees
http://www.businessinsider.com/interview-with-polyvore-ceo-jess-lee-2014-9
interview-with-polyvore-ceo-jess-lee
http://growthhackers.com/growth-studies/airbnb
growth-studies/airbnb
http://www.gv.com/sprint/
The Design Sprint
https://medium.com/@michalbohanes/seven-lessons-i-learned-from-the-failure-of-my-first-startup-dinnr-c166d1cfb8b8#.bsd65oo13
Seven lessons I learned from the failure of my first startup, Dinnr
https://thoughts.siliconguild.com/how-andreessen-horowitz-is-disrupting-silicon-valley-208041d6375d#.feg2mtesw
How Andreessen Horowitz Is Disrupting Silicon Valley
http://techcrunch.com/2014/09/14/a-tale-of-two-apps/
A Tale Of Two Apps
http://venturebeat.com/2014/09/14/how-teaching-can-make-you-a-better-programmer/
How teaching can make you a better programmer
http://techcrunch.com/2014/09/15/500px-co-founder-and-former-ceo-ousted-from-the-startup/
500px Co-Founder And Former CEO Ousted From The Startup
http://longform.org/stories/playboy-interview-steve-jobs
Longform Reprints: Playboy Interview: Steve Jobs by David Sheff
http://stanfordreview.org/article/the-rising-unicorns/
The Stanford Review
http://info.wealthfront.com/rs/wealthfront/images/2013_Silicon_Valley_Career_Guide.pdf?mkt_tok=3RkMMJWWfF9wsRonu67OZKXonjHpfsX56%2BsoXqe%2BlMI%2F0ER3fOvrPUfGjI4ATMVmI%2BSLDwEYGJlv6SgFTbjEMbJqz7gOWhk%3D
2013_Silicon_Valley_Career_Guide
http://abovethecrowd.com/2014/03/11/a-deeper-look-at-ubers-dynamic-pricing-model/
A Deeper Look at Uber’s Dynamic Pricing Model
https://medium.com/swlh/how-quitting-my-corporate-job-for-my-startup-dream-f-cked-my-life-up-3b6b3e29b318#.3y03hviuk
How quitting my corporate job for my startup dream f*cked my life up
http://25iq.com/2014/08/24/a-dozen-things-ive-learned-from-john-doerr/
A Dozen Things I’ve Learned From John Doerr
http://www.theverge.com/2014/8/26/6067663/this-is-ubers-playbook-for-sabotaging-lyft
this-is-ubers-playbook-for-sabotaging-lyft
http://onstartups.com/startup-traction-starts-with-the-right-goal.-how-to-get-it-right
Startup Traction Starts With The Right Goal.  How To Get It Right.
http://blog.cultureamp.com/how-box-maintains-employee-engagement-and-success-through-rapid-growth-/
How Box Maintains Employee Engagement and Success Through Rapid Growth
http://josephwalla.com/the-benefits-of-building-a-company-in-the-bay-area
The Benefits of Building a Company in the Bay Area
http://recode.net/2014/08/28/a-qa-with-the-qa-king-quoras-adam-dangelo/
Quora CEO Adam D’Angelo Speaks
http://seldo.com/weblog/2014/08/26/you_suck_at_technical_interviews
You suck at technical interviews
http://thenewstack.io/why-did-docker-catch-on-quickly-and-why-is-it-so-interesting/
Why did Docker Catch on Quickly and Why is it so Interesting?
https://www.elastic.co/blog/found-zookeeper-king-of-coordination
found-zookeeper-king-of-coordination
https://medium.com/we-are-yammer/moving-code-forward-de7d7852a58f#.7e09vtupr
Moving Code Forward
http://blog.learningbyshipping.com/2014/08/12/mobile-os-paradigm/
Mobile OS Paradigm
http://www.fastcolabs.com/3023152/open-company/the-wisdom-of-the-20-minute-startup
The Wisdom Of The 20-Minute Startup
https://medium.com/salt-and-purpose/leaving-airbnb-37e98df23f9b#.jjodfysvq
Leaving Airbnb
https://github.com/blog/1269-the-github-hiring-experience
The GitHub hiring experience · GitHub
http://www.pgbovine.net/PhD-memoir.htm
Philip Guo - The Ph.D. Grind
http://growthhackers.com/growth-studies/evernote
Evernote - The $0 Growth Engine
http://growthhackers.com/growth-studies/slack-fastest-growing-b2b-saas-business-ever
How Slack Became the Fastest Growing B2B SaaS Business (Maybe) Ever
http://growthhackers.com/growth-studies/hubspot
growth-studies/hubspot
http://growthhackers.com/growth-studies/what-ignited-tinders-explosive-growth
what-ignited-tinders-explosive-growth
http://growthhackers.com/growth-studies/new-relics-growth-playbook-from-startup-to-ipo
new-relics-growth-playbook-from-startup-to-ipo
http://growthhackers.com/growth-studies/how-stripe-marketed-to-developers-so-effectively
How Stripe Marketed to Developers So Effectively
http://growthhackers.com/growth-studies/whatsapp
WhatsApp, The Anti-Marketing Growth Phenomenon
http://growthhackers.com/growth-studies/linkedin
growth-studies/linkedin
http://growthhackers.com/growth-studies/github-part-2
GitHub's Secret Super Powers
http://growthhackers.com/growth-studies/yelp
growth-studies/yelp
http://growthhackers.com/growth-studies/snapchat
growth-studies/snapchat
http://growthhackers.com/growth-studies/uber
growth-studies/uber
http://growthhackers.com/growth-studies/square
Square - How Did Square Grow So Quickly?
http://growthhackers.com/growth-studies/upworthy-part-2
growth-studies/upworthy-part-2
http://growthhackers.com/growth-studies/high-tempo-testing-revives-growthhackers-com-growth
high-tempo-testing-revives-growthhackers-com-growth
http://growthhackers.com/growth-studies/nasty-gal-kills-it-ecommerce-how-they-did-it
nasty-gal-kills-it-ecommerce-how-they-did-it
http://growthhackers.com/growth-studies/etsys-crafty-growth-to-ipo-and-a-2-billion-valuation
The Story of Etsy's Crafty Growth to IPO and a $2 Billion Valuation
http://growthhackers.com/growth-studies/belly
growth-studies/belly
https://www.quora.com/What-is-Facebooks-User-Growth-team-responsible-for-and-what-have-they-launched
What is Facebook's User Growth team responsible for and what have they launched?
http://thenextweb.com/insider/2013/10/27/startup-hiring-isnt-just-qualifications-finding-cultural-fits/
Startup Hiring Is More About Cultural Fits Than Qualifications
https://medium.com/the-year-of-the-looking-glass/how-to-work-with-engineers-a3163ff1eced#.qvgx17umj
How to Work with Engineers
https://medium.com/the-year-of-the-looking-glass/how-to-work-with-designers-6c975dede146#.4e2pewr2m
How to Work with Designers
http://www.lecloud.net/post/7295452622/scalability-for-dummies-part-1-clones
Scalability for Dummies
http://gigaom.com/2013/03/03/how-and-why-linkedin-is-becoming-an-engineering-powerhouse/
How and why LinkedIn is becoming an engineering powerhouse
http://gradle.org/linkedin-gradle-for-the-hadoop-ecosystem/
Linkedin: Gradle for the Hadoop Ecosystem
http://gigaom.com/2014/08/02/the-lab-that-created-spark-wants-to-speed-up-everything-including-cures-for-cancer/
The lab that created Spark wants to speed up everything, including cures for cancer
http://www.sqlstream.com/stream-processing-with-sql/
Stream Processing with SQL
http://xinhstechblog.blogspot.com/2014/01/scaling-realtime-analytics-on-big-data.html
scaling-realtime-analytics-on-big-data
http://nathanmarz.com/blog/how-to-beat-the-cap-theorem.html
how-to-beat-the-cap-theorem
http://techblog.netflix.com/2011/01/nosql-at-netflix.html
nosql-at-netflix
http://blog.matthewrathbone.com/2013/04/17/what-is-hadoop.html
A Beginners Guide to Hadoop
http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/
The Hitchhiker’s Guide to Python!
http://worldofsu.com/philipsu/goodbye-microsoft-hello-facebook/
Goodbye Microsoft, Hello Facebook! «  The World As Best As I Remember It
http://austingwalters.com/everyday-algorithms-elevator-allocation/
Everyday Algorithms: Elevator Allocation
http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2011/07/11/a-womans-place-ken-auletta
Can Sheryl Sandberg Change Silicon Valley?
https://www.quora.com/What-is-Airbnbs-mission-vision-statement
What-is-Airbnbs-mission-vision-statement
https://www.palantir.com/2011/10/how-to-ace-a-systems-design-interview/
How to Ace a Systems Design Interview
http://catb.org/~esr/faqs/hacker-howto.html#believe4
hacker-howto
